let's start with Ares Ares moon what you
know right off the bat with an Aries
Moon is that the person has spent every
single one of their previous lives alone
in warrior mode isolated in dire straits
or dire conditions that are life
threatening and they are either the one
who's just struggling to survive and go
out with their club and kill the Bison
or they're the one who's waiting at home
in the cave for the and keeping the fire
going there is no memory or recollection
of what it means to live in comfort
there is oftentimes no memory or
recollection of what it means to be
loved there is no memory or recollection
of what it means to be surrounded by a
beauty there's a harshness and Anna
brusqueness that comes with the Ares
move because these people have spent
their lives fighting defending these are
the Warriors okay and if you go back
into the past lives you go all the way
back to Greece and Rome and you think of
alexander the great people like that who
were stuck out in the fields doing
whatever they were doing killing people
you know for years at a time you know
they had no life and so the Aries Moon
person comes into this reality not even
knowing what it feels like to be human
almost and they're extremely comfortable
being alone they almost there the only
sign and I'm going to say this I
probably say it more than once anybody
with a tremendous amount of areas and
their horoscope is interesting these
people do not need to be with anybody
all right they are probably the only
sign in the zodiac that can get by with
no feedback whatsoever
now the solitary piece is interesting
because the other side of that is these
people have a tremendous amount of drive
okay and they have a tremendous ability
to focus and you have to understand why
okay because if they've been a warrior
in a previous life you know they they
can't be asleep at the switch they have
to be totally on all the time they can't
relax they are completely energized and
they're constantly ready to fight the
ability to focus is interesting because
what it does is it makes it possible for
them to accomplish a great deal in a
particular field in most people with an
Aries Moon come into this life having
already been number one at what they do
and if you're talking to when areas who
also happens to be extremely talented
you know that they already got
recognized okay or re let's put it this
way they already established themselves
as the best in their field in the
previous experience and now they are
back to either do it again or not it
really just depends on what's going on
at the ascendant now this mentality of
the number one that goes with Aries is
interesting because they have a blue
ribbon mentality and they come into this
life expecting to be number one again
and it doesn't always work out for them
in that way but then again everything is
relative in the horoscope and the moon
alone is not going to let you know how
that goes for them I wanted to point out
to you that because there is this one
point and focus with the Aries and all
of this strength the one pointed focus
makes their weakness be a tremendous
amount of self-centered narcissistic
energy okay Aries people can be so
narcissistic they don't even need
somebody around to have sex with you
know they have this kind of there so
completely
self absorb the sexual component is
often really totally auto-erotic and
it's the self absorption and the self
centeredness again is the hangover from
the previous life their virtue is their
courage and their honesty and there's
probably more to it than that but for
now let's just settle for courage and
honesty because that seems to be the
clearest thing that I can come up with
you